Reduce access token refreshing if it is still fresh (#22464)
directus/directus: .changeset/bright-trains-greet.md

---
'@directus/app': patch
---

> Reduced access token refreshing if it is still fresh

Reviewer: Maybe?

```suggestion
Reduced the number of session token refreshes if the token is still fresh
```

Author: That works! Thanks! 👍
